Fix: An attempt at making our readme more concise (#7611)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: README.md

## Getting started

Here are some things you should know before getting started:

* **We're beginner-friendly**. Whether you're a Technical Writer learning about docs-as-code or an engineer practicing your documentation skills, we welcome your involvement. If you'd like to contribute and don't have something in mind already, head on over to [Issues](https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/issues). We've added `good first issue` labels on beginner-friendly issues.

* **We need more help in some areas**. We'd especially love some help with [plugin](https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/tree/main/app/_hub) documentation.

* **Community is a priority for us**. Before submitting an issue or pull request, make sure to review our [Contributing Guide](https://docs.konghq.com/contributing/). 

* **Some of our docs are [generated](docs/autodocs.md)**.

* **We are currently accepting plugin submissions** to our plugin hub from trusted technical partners, on a limited basis. For more information, see the [Kong Partners page](https://konghq.com/partners/).

### Running Locally

> For anything other than minor changes, [clone the repository onto your local machine and build locally](docs/platform-install.md). Once you've installed all of the tools required, you can use our `Makefile` to build the docs:

Reviewer: Should we recommend this or using codespaces? Like if someone is just drafting something and wants our eyes on it and it's just text changes, I think codespaces would be okay since they don't want/need to preview it locally.

Author: I've tried to get code spaces to work but it always fails for me. I think it would be good though to have a sentence that says "we recommend using code spaces for small changes"

Reviewer 2: Curious, what fails for you? I've never had issues, but I might be using it differently. I do think it's worth adding the two simple edit options for small changes:
* Click "edit this page" on any page to edit it directly in the GitHub UI
* Use codespaces (include a link to the GH codespaces doc to show them how it works)

## Getting started

Here are some things you should know before getting started:

* **We're beginner-friendly**. Whether you're a Technical Writer learning about docs-as-code or an engineer practicing your documentation skills, we welcome your involvement. If you'd like to contribute and don't have something in mind already, head on over to [Issues](https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/issues). We've added `good first issue` labels on beginner-friendly issues.

* **We need more help in some areas**. We'd especially love some help with [plugin](https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/tree/main/app/_hub) documentation.

* **Community is a priority for us**. Before submitting an issue or pull request, make sure to review our [Contributing Guide](https://docs.konghq.com/contributing/). 

* **Some of our docs are [generated](docs/autodocs.md)**.

* **We are currently accepting plugin submissions** to our plugin hub from trusted technical partners, on a limited basis. For more information, see the [Kong Partners page](https://konghq.com/partners/).

> ### Running Locally

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Running locally
```

> For minor changes, please use GitHub Spaces. For anything other than minor changes, [clone the repository onto your local machine and build locally](docs/platform-install.md). Once you've installed all of the tools required, you can use our `Makefile` to build the docs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For minor changes, use the GitHub UI via the "Edit this page" button on any docs page, or use [GitHub Codespaces]. 

For anything other than minor changes, [clone the repository onto your local machine and build locally](docs/platform-install.md). Once you've installed all of the tools required, you can use our `Makefile` to build the docs:
```

```bash
KONG_PRODUCTS='*:latest'
```

The docs site will be available at [http://localhost:8888](http://localhost:8888).

> ### Review Labels

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Review labels
```

> When raising a pull request, it's useful to indicate what type of review you're looking for from the team. To help with this, we've added three labels that can be applied:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When raising a pull request, it's useful to indicate what type of review you're looking for from the team. To help with this, we've added the following labels:
```

See [Issue #908](https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/issues/908) for more information. Note that we're not currently hosting assets for badges.

## Testing

We use `fetch`, `cheerio`, and `jest` for testing. To run tests, first build the site, then run: 
`make build` followed by  `make smoke`.

For more information, review the [Testing documentation](docs/testing.md).

## Continuous integration

We run various checks at build time. Some checks can be manually approved using labels like: 

> `ci:manual-approve:link-validation`

> For more information review the [continuous integration documentation](docs/ci-cd.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, review the [continuous integration documentation](docs/ci-cd.md).
```

```

>  are also possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 is also possible.
```

The docs site will be available at [http://localhost:8888](http://localhost:8888).

### Review Labels

When raising a pull request, it's useful to indicate what type of review you're looking for from the team. To help with this, we've added three labels that can be applied:

- `review:copyedit`: Request for writer review.
- `review:general`: Review for general accuracy and presentation. Does the doc work? Does it output correctly?
- `review:tech`: Request for technical review from an SME.

At least one of these labels must be applied to a PR or the build will fail.

### Troubleshooting

> For troubleshooting instructions see the [troubleshooting documentation](docs/troubleshoot.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For troubleshooting instructions, see the [troubleshooting documentation](docs/troubleshoot.md).
```

See [Issue #908](https://github.com/Kong/docs.konghq.com/issues/908) for more information. Note that we're not currently hosting assets for badges.

## Testing

We use `fetch`, `cheerio`, and `jest` for testing. To run tests, first build the site, then run: 
`make build` followed by  `make smoke`.

For more information, review the [Testing documentation](docs/testing.md).

> ## Continuous Integration

Reviewer: Do we also want to mention the `skip changelog` label somewhere?
